release 10.0409.17

   Video recording only base on camera triggering setting, event marker setting on a sensor do not trigger recording. Event marker only to mark a video file as LOCKED file if that channel (camera) is currently recording.

   Unsolved memeory leak to trigger system reboot through "ioprocess", run "/bin/reboot" could failed when memory is low.

   Add g-force sensor value on OSD. (not been verified)

   For TVS, OSD display selectable on camera setup page
   TVS, send sensor5 inverted state to MCU on ioprocess startup

release 10.0412.18

  TVS, send sensor2 inverted state (not sensor5) to MCU on ioprocess startup.
  eaglehttpd, add Etag and Last-Modified support.

release 10.0412.18 (tvs)
  Start recording (as locked file) when system startup.

release 10.0426.18 (pwii)
  One line overlay msg for io. Currently display "Detecting Smart Server", "Uploading Video to Smart Server", "Copying Video Files". Message set from ioprocess or other process.
  Up to 1 minute time after shutdown delay timeout to detect smart server availablity.
  If smart server detected, run "smartftp".
  If no smart server detected, go to standby mode. On standby mode, CDC is been turn off.
  Standby setting time include smartftp uploading time and standby time. After standby timeout, power off system
  Fixed lost audio when play back Front Camera
  Extend HD (CF card) mounting time to 120 seconds. (CF mounting may be up to 100s if it is not umount properly. This may cause system rebooting on previous firmware).

release 10.0519.14
   Archive only locked file, after copy locked file archiving disk, rename original file from *_L_* to *_N_* (unlocked)
   After shutdown delay period timeout, allow up to 15 minute for archiving to finish. At this period , display "Saving video files!" on screen.
   On detected smartserver available, run "smartftp" two times, first time run "smartftp" on recording disk, second time run "smartftp" on archiving disk.
   Add a timer on USB file copying period, if file copying process not active, system return to running mode instead of hang on waiting mode.
   Seperate configure file to two files, one for factory default setting, one for user configuration. 
      User settings on setup page only modify the user configuration file, in case this file corrupted, system would work on default setting instead of work on unknown state.
   Add disk space usage on CDC status screen (menu screen), ex: "Video length 2:30 Remain 6:13", this message means there are videos total of 2 hour and 30 minute on disk and available disk space to record 6 hours and 13 minutes.
   
release 10.0720.14
  Add PW34 support
  
Release 10.0803.16
    FULL features PW34
    PWII / PW34 add maximum uploading time option on setup
    PW34 bitrate setting up to 4Mbits
    Fix no archiving after no wifi-detected
    "glog" to fix reuse invalid GPS time on standby mode.
    Remove libfbdraw.so, source code of screen display are compiled into "dvrsvr". since EAGLE34 use HIK API to do the screen jobs.

10.0930
    Going to add gforce sensor support    
